=pod

=head1 NAME

Dist::Zilla::Plugin::Test::LocalBrew - Verify that your distribution tests well in a fresh perlbrew

=head1 VERSION

version 0.04

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  # in your dist.ini
  [Test::LocalBrew]
  brews = first-perlbrew
  brews = second-perlbrew

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This plugin adds a release test for your module that tests it against a set
of given perlbrew environments.  Any dependencies are installed via cpanminus
into a temporary local lib, so your perlbrew environments aren't altered.
This comes in handy when you want to build against a set of "fresh" Perl
installations (ie. those with only core modules) to make sure all of your
prerequisites are included correctly.

=head1 ATTRIBUTES

=head2 brews

A list of perlbrew environments to build and test in.

=head2 notest_deps

If this flag is set, don't test dependency modules.

=head2 nobrew

If this flag is set, test against the system perl as well.

=head1 ISSUES

=over

=item Relies on the 'which' program to detect cpanm.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Dist::Zilla>, L<App::perlbrew>, L<App::cpanminus>, L<local::lib>

=begin comment

=over

=item mvp_multivalue_args

=item gather_files

=item should_test_deps

=back

=end comment

=head1 AUTHOR

Rob Hoelz <rob@hoelz.ro>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2011 by Rob Hoelz.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

=head1 BUGS

Please report any bugs or feature requests on the bugtracker website
https://github.com/hoelzro/dist-zilla-plugin-test-localbrew/issues

When submitting a bug or request, please include a test-file or a
patch to an existing test-file that illustrates the bug or desired
feature.

